who still go to the bonus level
Super Mario 3D World Can Remember In
which we the adventurous mushroom head
have controlled death through mini level
will certainly also with captain death
trek trek quickly warm
together with our worshiped that
we go on in kreischa trek
the search for a fabled
sweetheart
but as fate sometimes unfortunately
that is how we play the treasure in front of the
nose of a nasty bird
So we have to snatch it away
bad tricky and good side level
traverse and fight us in tough bosses
to retrieve the treasure and
in front of our friend the best possible
to make a figure
who enjoy fun mario 3d world
We also got carrier with Captain
trekkers get their money's worth
by exploration adventure celebration
Let's go on a trip to the
Stone Age and master one of the
most difficult tasks of that epoch the
looking for fire in the role of
sympathetic Neanderthal man slumber
during our first night watch 1
Finally, the next morning we have
the salad and the fire is extinguished
of course we will leave the village
joined us and set us up right away
look for a new flame
through we search the stone age world up
in the last corner
if the inside of a dinosaur is one
travel through time or threatening
bubbling volcanoes
nothing happens uncertain while the
title completely without text from the
atmospheric soundtrack comes
by the way, from the pen of the composer
from the night of the match took place
resident evil row could it
probably barely endure
on january 20 appears with resident evil
a remastered version to the first one
resident evil from twelve years ago and
Although in the form of a download title
Among others, graphics and
be improved during the sound
gameplay of the original remains untouched
as in 1996 the classic resident evil
puts us also the new edition in the
role of chris redfield and jill
Valentine looking through the old one
scary mansion after the bravo of
stars we have to go against all kinds
zombies and other monsters to defend
put
the black eye black cards was with
safety is not a bad game and it
has quite fun in
tricky round tactics fight with
his group through the game world too
beat
nevertheless it was not to be overlooked that
black cards the first attempt of the
developer and publishers daedalic
entertainment in this genre direction
has been
in black 2 should be made of mistakes
be learned
with the change to the roleplay
rail shows us the del in each case
that you have chosen changes
implement and ready new ways
pursue
Surprisingly, it is in the
strategy game with great scifi setting
no early access phase or open
give beta
in fact, the title is off
completely published as a player
explore the planet eco in gray
system
this one comes from three factions
claims the man of the he
race beta and one of gu
smart gray mass
next to the singleplayer campaign
you too within a multiplayer
mode can compete against each other
in the spin-off to Saints Row Guard Car
we are reliving the story a lot
johnny depp this fights together with
kid you kensington against the devil and
his henchmen and the leader of the
to liberate saints
total will auto money cases yet
much wackier than saints row 4
ravens cryan is supposed to move again
to appear on the 26th of january 2015
in the action-adventure hatch who
the role of the young adventurer
christopher raymond the act is im
seventeenth century
1 the parents of raven and 1 killed
also hit him off a hand
We are allowed to travel different
Explore sceneries and discuss us
authentic arsenal of weapons look forward
also tactical will proceed during
the infighting by various combo
opportunities with in the game
flow in
on the 27th of january that finally wait for
pc player an end after in november
already the nextgen version of grand
Theft Auto 5 has appeared follows
beginning of the year the corresponding pc
version may, among other things, like at
the ps4 and xbox or litter on the
ridge
Exterior improved graphics and new
content to be welcomed
In addition, the robbery should also
missions will follow shortly
when the shooter dark light acts
it is the efficient dead island
successor interesting innovations like
the parcours system through that we almost
as supple as in Paris over the
Roofs of the fictional city of Herren run
can change as the day night
while stocks are looking for and as day
denner I meet in the mission
we fight against new and still night
more dangerous opponents
the extent to which there really sorry of
differentiates the dead island titles
we will learn on january 30 in the
episodes adventure live strange by the
remember how do we slip there
the role of the pupil max caulfield
The disappearance of her classmates
to investigate rachael amber
interesting is the fact that max
the ability has the time
Turn back decisions in the game
according to the developer big
influence on the further course of the
Action have the space strategy
play star drive battling new
peoples around the rule in one
galaxy
while the gameplay sets on the four
explore known pillars expand
exploit and extinguish developed
the title has been with the unity
engine and should at the same time for pc mac
as well as linux appear
according to the developer, you want to be white
32 also the focus among others
on the opening for the modding
community place
this too should be integrated into the workshop
Beyond the modifications and
exchange new content